Rescue SystemStackError to make errors during inspec check/archive more graceful. (#4597)
chef/inspec: docs/dsl_resource.md

```

For a full example, see our [example resource](https://github.com/chef/inspec/blob/master/examples/profile/libraries/gordon_config.rb).

> ## Lazy Loading

Reviewer: Consider renaming section "Overriding core resources and Lazy Loading"

Author: I added a sub-section to split them out.

As of InSpec v4.16, resources are lazily loaded into the `inspec`
process upon use. This greatly speeds up the initial startup costs of
the `inspec` process and only loads what you need to use (eg, `inspec
--version` no longer runs for 10 seconds!).

> It does change the way the resource registry is handled in ways that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lazy loading does change the way the resource registry is handled, and in ways that
```

> It does change the way the resource registry is handled in ways that

Reviewer 2: What is the "it" referring to in this sentence? I assumed it was "lazy loading," but in the context of the paragraph, I feel that I may have incorrectly assumed.

Author: Yes, I can change that to "Lazy loading"

> might break some assumptions. Specifically `inspec.<resource>` isn't

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
might break because of some assumptions. Specifically, `inspec.<resource>` is not
```

pre-populated with the core resources that InSpec ships with. If you
make a local/custom resource of the same name, referring to the core
resource via `inspec.<resource>` will not resolve to the core
resource.

> If you do need to do this, it is better to make a local resource with

Reviewer: I think this section needs an example pretty badly - someone writing a custom resource would not know what you mean, I think.

Author: 1. I don't know how to do this, as mentioned yesterday in standup.
2. I don't know if I want to encourage this any more than we have to... I just want to provide a means to get someone out of the situation they got themselves into already (and I'm honestly not sure there are any beyond @james-stocks).

> If you do need to do this, it is better to make a local resource with

Reviewer 2: What is "this" supposed to refer to in this sentence?

Author: handled via a new subsection heading.

```

For a full example, see our [example resource](https://github.com/chef/inspec/blob/master/examples/profile/libraries/example_config.rb).

## Lazy Loading

Prior to InSpec v4.16, resources were pre-loaded for every invocation
of `inspec`. This was a heavy and unnecessary burden on the system and
exacerbated startup times (especially on Windows).

As of InSpec v4.16, resources are lazily loaded into the `inspec`
process upon use. This greatly speeds up the initial startup costs of

> the `inspec` process and only loads what you need to use (eg, `inspec

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the `inspec` process and only loads what you need to use. For example, `inspec
```

> --version` no longer runs for 10 seconds!).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--version` no longer runs for 10 seconds!.
```

Author: no. see the `eg` on the line before. this is totally a parenthetical.

Reviewer 2: According to our internal style guides, "e.g." is not supposed to be used in documentation. Please use "for example," or something not in Latin.

### Overriding Core Resources

Lazy loading does change the way the resource registry is handled in
ways that might break some assumptions. Specifically,
`inspec.<resource>` isn't pre-populated with the core resources that
InSpec ships with. If you make a local/custom resource of the same
name, referring to the core resource via `inspec.<resource>` will not
resolve to the core resource.

> If you do need to do this, it is easiest to make a local resource with

Reviewer 2: You could include a line where you explicitly say "Overriding core resources is not recommended best practice."

Author: done

a new name and refer to the core resource directly. Otherwise, you
need to ensure that the core resource you want is registered (via

> `require "inspec/resource/<name>"` _before_ your profile is run to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`require "inspec/resource/<name>"`) _before_ your profile is run to
```

Author: done

```

For a full example, see our [example resource](https://github.com/chef/inspec/blob/master/examples/profile/libraries/example_config.rb).

## Lazy Loading

Prior to InSpec v4.16, resources were pre-loaded for every invocation
of `inspec`. This was a heavy and unnecessary burden on the system and
exacerbated startup times (especially on Windows).

As of InSpec v4.16, resources are lazily loaded into the `inspec`
process upon use. This greatly speeds up the initial startup costs of
the `inspec` process and only loads what you need to use (eg, `inspec
--version` no longer runs for 10 seconds!).

### Overriding Core Resources

Lazy loading does change the way the resource registry is handled in
ways that might break some assumptions. Specifically,
`inspec.<resource>` isn't pre-populated with the core resources that
InSpec ships with. If you make a local/custom resource of the same
name, referring to the core resource via `inspec.<resource>` will not
resolve to the core resource.

> As such, overriding core resources is not recommended best practice.

Reviewer 3: Might be simpler to call it bad practice or unsupported.

Author: This was verbage from Mary and as such, I think "official" wording.

If you really do need to do this, it is easiest to make a local
resource with a new name and refer to the core resource directly.
Otherwise, you need to ensure that the core resource you want is

> registered (via `require "inspec/resource/<name>"`) _before_ your

Reviewer 3: What source files are evaluated before a profile is run? Does this require modifying (or overriding) InSpec itself?

Author: I honestly don't know. 😛
